# Injective Name Service (INS)

Injective Name Service or INS for short is set out to ease the use of the entire Injective DeFi ecosystem for people of all skillsets. Whether they are new or veterans in the crypto space, addresses could be tricky to work around. The purpose of this service is to make it easier for users to send and receive cryptocurrencies, interact with smart contracts etc. by replacing the long and complicated public addresses with simple and easy-to-remember names. As the adoption of cryptocurrencies continues to grow, the need for a more user-friendly way to access and use them has become increasingly important. The current system of using long strings of random characters as public addresses is not only difficult to remember but also prone to errors when entering them manually. This has resulted in many users losing their funds due to simple mistakes in address entry. Accompanied by a nice and intuitive interface, users can easily search for other names or register their name with the INS that will be mapped to their address. The system so far also enables reverse resolution, so users are able to resolve addresses to names as well. This is very useful when integrated into wallets, s.t. people know who are they sending funds to or which contract are they interacting with. For this demo and hackathon we introduced the sending to name functionality where people can easily send funds to human-readable names/domains instead of having the risk of mistyping or mis-copying an address, however we are planning on adding more like staking to named validators etc. The dapp includes name transfer functionality as well, where users can transfer their registered names to others. This enables the potential of creating a marketplace for names/domains in the future, that we are planning on creating. We are also open to collaborate with other teams working on tool that can integrate the INS.
